So now
It is down to three with a kitchen knife sardines
First of all, it is a professional child , so there may be an appendix , so the side part of the kitchen knife
Please take a cormorant 6 to the top of the try using this part to mix toward
This is easy to take , so it's cut with a knife
If you have taken the children of cormorants
It dropped this head
Also after
soon
I drop it like this
In Hadano schools It is belly to the next
Up to the part of the hole
5 will go
Open the belly Once you
I will key out the belly of the internal kitchen knife
It is Peta feeling
I was able to wash my body clean and wash my blood.
Cleanly with water
I can see the management of the tree in the difference
Wash away
[musics]
I feel like this, but I will interrupt beautifully
Then use the kitchen knife
I will drop the sardine into three pieces
The head of the dropped head is bad right
It is a little different from the usual three grated
3 of on the once defeated title Te kitchen knife Kohe
I will take the charm of
First of all, you are above
Above the middle bone of this bone
It is the belly of this kitchen knife
It feels like it's going to be here
Such feeling
It is this
Above this
Over the real intention all the time because the general election until the tail
I'll be nervous
Are you taking medicine
The belly of the kitchen knife on top
While being directional
This is my best regards for the third
This also goes
It will be the next time it will be a belly bone after taking it down to three pieces, I will take a belly bone
It also feels like dropping off a hungry Olympics
This side is already straight
It is good to drop
The part with only skin and bones I drop it because I can not eat it
Just like here
Feel to the operating rate
I drop it off
Next , drop it into 3 sheets and take it until you get angry
If this sashimi is used, we will peel
Scrape or when face Abu hit here as well
I have this scar
Already with a bow
It is a feeling of Haguri
Just turn this over and be this performance part family
If this is this part
If I touch it with my finger
There Ei
It will come off a little
Yoshikawa only
Beautifully
While holding it down with your finger
By
You get by pulling in easy it is use this
The same is true of this people only
First turn over and this part
I will play this way
Have
With the second finger
Square with the left hand while keeping 3
I will pull towards the tail
Here is a
Lets you take it this way
Now I cut it into three pieces and peel it off to make sardines sashimi .
It is such a middle bone here when it comes to this kosaka
Say this
This is also another example I'd bone is between the back and the belly in between is in so you eat together
I will cut as it is
Let 's go to the top
If the raw
For those who have set skin
This is also the student's skin with the person on top
I like how to listen but
I will cut diagonally
Something like this
Here also it is the inner part Kawakami who live in the same way
To
I will cut
It is such feeling It is completion of holding sardines sashimi